
1.JABEER SHAIK
6 months ago
I had a great experience with my braces treatment. The monthly visits were smooth, and the doctors carefully monitored my progress at every stage. The staff was always friendly and supportive, making each appointment comfortable. I'm very happy with the results and much more confident with my smile now. Highly recommended!

2.anitha k
10 months ago
Dr. Raheem sir treated very well. Painless treatment and well professional manner to treat patients. Staff is very friendly. I recommend to Apex Dental Clinic

3.Shaik Mehaboob Vali
a year ago
It's a great experience. Dr. Rahim sir treated very well. well receiving and hygienic. Painless treatment. Good equipment. Very friendly atmosphere.


4.Vardhan Osey
2 weeks ago
Recently, one of my teeth got broken and I started having very high sensitivity. I visited this clinic and received excellent treatment at a very reasonable price. The doctor handled everything with great care and made me feel comfortable throughout the procedure.
What impressed me the most was his patience and the way he listens to patients concerns before giving the right solution. The clinic is clean, well-maintained, and the overall atmosphere is very welcoming.

5.Sharif Ahamed
6 months ago
The doctor is highly professional, offering effective treatment at a very reasonable fee and overall cost.


6.Suneetha Nallamilli
11 months ago
excellent care, a comfortable and clean environment, and a friendly, professional staff...and excellent treatment of Mohammed Raheem sir


7.Sindhu Dutta
3 years ago
Dr Raheem and his team work very dedicatedly to deliver the best dental treatment. My family underwent multiple tooth fillings and root canal treatments and never faced any discomfort during and after treatment. Clinic is best at its hygiene and ambience. Strongly recommend this clinic for all sorts of dental treatments.

8.sri krishna teja
3 years ago
Actually I was scared of dental treatment so Hesitatingly i went to apex dental clinic but after meeting Dr Md. Raheem sir my fear about dental treatment has come down because of his calmness and politely addressing the patients and he is skillfull enough to handle the dental problems with ease and passion. I was really impressed with his treatment and the way he is explaining the procedure. So I would highly recommend this dental clinic for your all dental problems.


9.vishal kolla
3 years ago
I had recently visited Apex dental Clinic for a root canal treatment. Dr. Raheem is an excellent dentist and explained the entire procedure in detail prior to the treatment. He was very polite and patiently answered all the doubts and other related queries.
The RCT was smooth and I did not feel any discomfort or pain during or after the procedure. The facilities and equipment are top class. If you have any dental problem, this should be your destination.

10.Mujtaba Husain
3 years ago
Was terrified earlier when I needed to visit a dentist 🦷 but never thought dental issues can also be solved with such an ease when I visited this place! Such a smooth handling and trustworthy assurance post treatment!!


11.Nanda Kishore
3 years ago
Recently visited for a tooth ache, very well received and painless treatment done by DrMd Raheem.One stop solution for your dental treatments, great care and hospitality with good treatment.

12.Sindhu prasanna Gandharapu
3 years ago
Hospitality☺️ and treatment🦷 given at apex dental clinic was awesome and cost is affordable... Pros and cons of treatment is explained in detail and follow up care is 🔥🔥

13.kusuma subrahmanyam
3 years ago
Underwent root canal and cap fixation. Very much satisfied with the treatment.


14.Chisty Mohd
3 years ago
clean atmosphere, excellent service and budget friendly